Admin backup content review13 #8361 ke (#620)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/administration/pages/backup-restore.adoc

+
This command produces only debug messages.
It does not produce error messages.
. Check whether you must restore [path]``/var/spacewalk/packages/``.

> It can be neccessary if you did not have in your backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If [path]``/var/spacewalk/packages/`` was not in your backup, you will need to restore it.
```

> If the source repository still available, you can restore [path]``/var/spacewalk/packages/`` with a complete channel synchronization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the source repository is available, you can restore [path]``/var/spacewalk/packages/`` with a complete channel synchronization:
```

.Procedure: Moving the Database
. The default storage location for {productname} is [path]``/var/lib/pgsql/``. If you would like to move it, for example to [path]``/storage/postgres/``, proceed as follows.

. Stop the running database with (as root):
+

----
rcpostgresql stop
----
+
Shut down the running Spacewalk services with:
+

----
spacewalk-service stop
----
. Copy the current working directory structure with [command]``cp`` using the [option]``-a, --archive`` option.
For example:
+

----
cp --archive /var/lib/pgsql/ /storage/postgres/
----
+
This command will copy the contents of [path]``/var/lib/pgsql/``
to [path]``/storage/postgres/pgsql/``.
+
IMPORTANT: The contents of the [path]``/var/lib/pgsql`` directory needs to remain the same, otherwise the {productname} database may malfunction.
You also should ensure that there is enough available disk space.
+

. Mount the new database directory with:
+

----
mount /storage/postgres/pgsql
----
. Make sure ownership is `postgres:postgres` and not `root:root` by changing to the new directory and running the following commands:
+

----
cd /storage/postgres/pgsql/
ls -l
----
+

> That outputs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outputs:
```

This section provides guidance on restoring your server after its root partition has crashed.
This section assumes you have setup your server similar to the procedure explained in Installation guide with separate partitions for the database and for channels mounted at [path]``/var/lib/pgsql`` and [path]``/var/spacewalk/``.

.Procedure: Recovering from a Crashed Root Partition

> . Start by installing {productname}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Install {productname}.
```

> Do not mount the [path]``/var/spacewalk`` and [path]``/var/lib/pgsql`` partitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not mount the [path]``/var/spacewalk`` and [path]``/var/lib/pgsql`` partitions.
Wait for the installation to complete before going on to the next step.
```

Reviewer: "wait for the installation to complete" is part of this step (installation), rather than the next one (which is about stopping services).

> . When the installation of {productname} has completed shutdown the services with [command]``spacewalk-service shutdown`` and the database with [command]``rcpostgresql stop``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Shut down the services with [command]``spacewalk-service shutdown``.
. Shut down the database with [command]``rcpostgresql stop``.
```

Reviewer: Shutting down the services is a separate step to shutting down the DB. Also, "shut down" (as a verb) is two words, it's only one word as an adjective ("the shutdown procedure").

> . Mount your [path]``/var/spacewalk`` and [path]``/var/lib/pgsql`` partitions and restore the directories listed in <<backup-restore-product>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Mount [path]``/var/spacewalk`` and [path]``/var/lib/pgsql`` partitions.
. Restore the directories listed in ***NEEDS PROPER XREF***.
```

> . Start {productname} services and the database with [command]``spacewalk-services start`` and [command]``rcpostgresql start``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Start the services with [command]``spacewalk-services start``.
. Start the database with [command]``rcpostgresql start``.
```

> . {productname} should now operate normally without loss of your database or synced channels.

Reviewer: Delete this line, it's a result statement, not a step.

Author: ok, it's no longer a step.
